doc/docs/index.md, before:

# nRF Connect Serial Terminal

nRF Connect Serial Terminal is a cross-platform terminal emulator for serial port communications with Nordic Semiconductor devices over Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART).
It can be used as an alternative to tools such as PuTTY and minicom.

Serial Terminal is installed and updated using [nRF Connect for Desktop](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-desktop/page/index.html).

## Serial Terminal features

- Configure, monitor, and communicate with virtual serial ports on Nordic Semiconductor devices.
- Check logging output and enter console inputs when programming or debugging applications.
- Use one of two available terminal modes: the shell mode for sending commands to a device running a shell, such as Zephyr™ shell, or the line mode.
- Quickly locate warnings and errors thanks to the ANSI escape code support.
- Resume interrupted work thanks to device auto-detection, auto-reconnection, and persistence of both the device settings and the terminal input and output.
- Use other nRF Connect for Desktop applications that require access to the serial port, for example [nRF Connect Cellular Monitor](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-cellularmonitor/page/index.html), while you are working with Serial Terminal by leveraging shared access to the connected device's serial port.

## Supported devices

Serial Terminal supports Nordic Semiconductor Development Kits (DKs) and prototyping platforms. It is also compatible with all devices that have a USB-to-UART converter onboard that allows serial communication to a computer.

Commit message:

doc: rename application + other edits (#95)
Dropped `nRF Connect` from the app name.
Updated copyright year.
Added app name abbreviation.
Removed unused extensions.
NCD-1066.

Signed-off-by: Grzegorz Ferenc <Grzegorz.Ferenc@nordicsemi.no>

doc/docs/index.md, after:

# {{app_name}}

The {{app_name}} is a cross-platform terminal emulator for serial port communications with Nordic Semiconductor devices over Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART).
It can be used as an alternative to tools such as PuTTY and minicom.

{{app_name}} is installed and updated using [nRF Connect for Desktop](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-desktop/page/index.html).

## {{app_name}} features

- Configure, monitor, and communicate with virtual serial ports on Nordic Semiconductor devices.
- Check logging output and enter console inputs when programming or debugging applications.
- Use one of two available terminal modes: the shell mode for sending commands to a device running a shell, such as Zephyr™ shell, or the line mode.
- Quickly locate warnings and errors thanks to the ANSI escape code support.
- Resume interrupted work thanks to device auto-detection, auto-reconnection, and persistence of both the device settings and the terminal input and output.
- Use other nRF Connect for Desktop applications that require access to the serial port, for example [nRF Connect Cellular Monitor](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrf-connect-cellularmonitor/page/index.html), while you are working with the {{app_name}} by leveraging shared access to the connected device's serial port.

## Supported devices

The {{app_name}} supports Nordic Semiconductor Development Kits (DKs) and prototyping platforms. It is also compatible with all devices that have a USB-to-UART converter onboard that allows serial communication to a computer.
