doc/docs/selecting_serial_port.md, before:

# Selecting a serial port

The number of serial ports available in Serial Terminal depends on the selected device and the onboard application firmware.
You can see the available serial ports when you [connect to the device](connecting.md).

## Identifying serial ports

See your product's hardware user guide for more information on the device's virtual serial ports and Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART) interface settings. The virtual serial ports on a Nordic Semiconductor Development Kit (DK) are indexed from zero. Your computer's operating system maps each of the device's virtual serial ports to a unique, persistent serial port identifier for the device and computer. Serial Terminal lists the selected device's serial ports in ascending order of its virtual serial port index.

In the following example, the virtual serial ports indexed 0 and 1 on the nRF52840 DK are mapped to serial ports 10 and 11 respectively on the computer. In the log window of the image, you can see that the serial port `"COM10"` is associated with `vCOM-0` (index 0) on the DK, and `"COM11"` is associated with `vCOM-1`.

!!! note "Note"
      Serial ports are also referred to as **COM** ports on Windows, **ttyACM** devices on Linux, and **/dev/tty** devices on macOS.

![Serial ports listed in Serial Terminal on Windows](./screenshots/serial_term_serial_ports.png "Serial ports listed in Serial Terminal on Windows")

Commit message:

doc: add info about finding device serial port (#123)
* doc: add info about finding device serial port

Added steps for finding device serial port.
NCD-685.

Signed-off-by: Grzegorz Ferenc <Grzegorz.Ferenc@nordicsemi.no>

* add tip about nrfutil

---------

Signed-off-by: Grzegorz Ferenc <Grzegorz.Ferenc@nordicsemi.no>

doc/docs/selecting_serial_port.md, after:

# Selecting a serial port

The number of serial ports available in the {{app_name}} depends on the selected device and the onboard application firmware.
You can see the available serial ports when you [start using the application](connecting.md).

!!! info "Tip"
      If you have [nRF Util installed](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/nrfutil/page/guides/installing.html), you can see the available serial ports of the connected Nordic Semiconductor devices before selecting a device in the {{app_name}}. Use the `nrfutil device list` command in a terminal.

## Identifying serial ports

See your product's hardware user guide for more information on the device's virtual serial ports and Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter (UART) interface settings. The virtual serial ports on a Nordic Semiconductor Development Kit (DK) are indexed from zero. Your computer's operating system maps each of the device's virtual serial ports to a unique, persistent serial port identifier for the device and computer. Serial Terminal lists the selected device's serial ports in ascending order of its virtual serial port index.

In the following example, the virtual serial ports indexed 0 and 1 on the nRF52840 DK are mapped to serial ports 10 and 11 respectively on the computer. In the log window of the image, you can see that the serial port `"COM10"` is associated with `vCOM-0` (index 0) on the DK, and `"COM11"` is associated with `vCOM-1`.

!!! note "Note"
      Serial ports are also referred to as **COM** ports on Windows, **ttyACM** devices on Linux, and **/dev/tty** devices on macOS.

![Serial ports listed in Serial Terminal on Windows](./screenshots/serial_term_serial_ports.png "Serial ports listed in Serial Terminal on Windows")
